docs/src/app/(with-menu)/components/rgradient-marker/page.mdx, before:

export const metadata = {
  title: 'RGradientMarker',
  description: 'wrapper for the GradientMarker object'
};

import TwoCols from "~/components/TwoCols.tsx";
import ShikiContent from "~/components/ShikiContent";
import { Flash } from "pentatrion-design/components/flash";

# RGradientMarker

This component wraps a MapLibre Marker object. He manages its life cycle and is
responsible for adding/removing it to the map. For this reason this component
must be a descendant of `RMap`.

## Usage

import Basic from "./Basic.tsx";
import basicCode from "./Basic.extract.tsx?code";

<TwoCols first={<ShikiContent html={basicCode} />} second={<Basic />} />

If you use a custom marker element don't forgot to memoize the component.


## Reactivity

All his props are reactive, feel free to express your creativity !

import Reactivity from "./Reactivity.tsx";
import reactivityCode from "./Reactivity.extract.tsx?code";

<TwoCols foreground="second" first={<Reactivity />} second={<ShikiContent html={reactivityCode} />} secondClassName="[&_pre]:max-h-96 [&_pre]:overflow-auto" />



## Draggable reactivity component

If your marker component is draggable, you need to register a handler for the `dragend` or `drag` event
to update the state. See [RMarker](/rmarker#draggable-controlled-component) documentation for the detail
of implementation.


## Icon / Text content

`RGradientMarker` can contain icon or text content. If you use any font icon kit (fontello, fontawesome,
etc...), just specify the className and it will be wrapped inside a `<i className={icon} />` element.

Otherwise, you need to specify a factory function who generate your `HTMLElement` or `SVGSVGElement`.

<Flash>
`RGradientMarker` is a React wrapper of a `GradientMarker` class who extends `Marker` from MapLibre. When the marker is added to the map it is integrated into a DOM node which is not managed
by React. This is why the generated element must be a DOM element and not a JSX.Element.
</Flash>

import IconText from "./IconText.tsx";
import iconTextCode from "./IconText.extract.tsx?code";

<TwoCols first={<ShikiContent html={iconTextCode} />} second={<IconText />} />

```ts
// util.ts
export const mountainIconFactory = () => {
  const svgNamespace = "http://www.w3.org/2000/svg";
  const svg = document.createElementNS(svgNamespace, "svg");

  svg.setAttribute("xmlns", svgNamespace);
  svg.setAttribute("viewBox", "0 0 640 512");
  svg.setAttribute("fill", "currentColor");

  const path = document.createElementNS(svgNamespace, "path");
  path.setAttribute(
    "d",
    "M560 160A80 80 0 1 0 560 0a80 80 0 1 0 0 160zM55.9 512H381.1h75H578.9c33.8 0 61.1-27.4 61.1-61.1c0-11.2-3.1-22.2-8.9-31.8l-132-216.3C495 196.1 487.8 192 480 192s-15 4.1-19.1 10.7l-48.2 79L286.8 81c-6.6-10.6-18.3-17-30.8-17s-24.1 6.4-30.8 17L8.6 426.4C3 435.3 0 445.6 0 456.1C0 487 25 512 55.9 512z",
  );

  // Ajouter l'élément path à l'élément SVG
  svg.appendChild(path);

  return svg;
};
```

## Reference

<div className="grid grid-cols-1 lg:grid-cols-2 gap-4 my-4">
<div className="row-span-2">
```ts
type RMarkerProps =
  {
    longitude: number;
    latitude: number;
  } &



  /**
   * Reactive marker options.
   * they have the same name as in MarkerOptions
   */
  GradientMarkerReactiveOptions &




  /**
   * Listenners for marker events
   * prefixed with "on" + first letter uppercase
   */
  GradientMarkerCallbacks;

```
</div>

```ts
type GradientMarkerReactiveOptions = {
  className?: string;
  clickTolerance?: number;
  color?: string;
  draggable?: boolean;
  icon?: string | HTMLElement | SVGSVGElement | (() => HTMLElement | SVGSVGElement);
  interactive?: boolean;
  opacity?: string;
  opacityWhenCovered?: string;
  pitchAlignment?: Alignment;
  rotation?: number;
  rotationAlignment?: Alignment;
  scale?: number;
  shape?: "pin" | "circle";
  text?: string;
};
```

```ts
type GradientMarkerCallbacks = {
  onDragStart?: (e: Event<Marker>) => void;
  onDrag?: (e: Event<Marker>) => void;
  onDragEnd?: (e: Event<Marker>) => void;

  // native DOM event
  onClick?: (e: MouseEvent) => void;
}

```
</div>


For compatibility some options from `MarkerOptions` are not
available : `element`, `anchor`, `offset`.

Commit message:

doc fix classic icons from maplibre-theme

docs/src/app/(with-menu)/components/rgradient-marker/page.mdx, after:

export const metadata = {
  title: 'RGradientMarker',
  description: 'wrapper for the GradientMarker object'
};

import TwoCols from "~/components/TwoCols.tsx";
import ShikiContent from "~/components/ShikiContent";
import { Flash } from "pentatrion-design/components/flash";

# RGradientMarker

This component wraps a MapLibre Marker object. He manages its life cycle and is
responsible for adding/removing it to the map. For this reason this component
must be a descendant of `RMap`.

To use this component you will need to add an additional stylesheet.

```ts
import "maplibre-react-components/style.css";
```

## Usage

import Basic from "./Basic.tsx";
import basicCode from "./Basic.extract.tsx?code";

<TwoCols first={<ShikiContent html={basicCode} />} second={<Basic />} />

If you use a custom marker element don't forgot to memoize the component.


## Reactivity

All his props are reactive, feel free to express your creativity !

import Reactivity from "./Reactivity.tsx";
import reactivityCode from "./Reactivity.extract.tsx?code";

<TwoCols foreground="second" first={<Reactivity />} second={<ShikiContent html={reactivityCode} />} secondClassName="[&_pre]:max-h-96 [&_pre]:overflow-auto" />



## Draggable reactivity component

If your marker component is draggable, you need to register a handler for the `dragend` or `drag` event
to update the state. See [RMarker](/rmarker#draggable-controlled-component) documentation for the detail
of implementation.


## Icon / Text content

`RGradientMarker` can contain icon or text content. If you use any font icon kit (fontello, fontawesome,
etc...), just specify the className and it will be wrapped inside a `<i className={icon} />` element.

Otherwise, you need to specify a factory function who generate your `HTMLElement` or `SVGSVGElement`.

<Flash>
`RGradientMarker` is a React wrapper of a `GradientMarker` class who extends `Marker` from MapLibre. When the marker is added to the map it is integrated into a DOM node which is not managed
by React. This is why the generated element must be a DOM element and not a JSX.Element.
</Flash>

import IconText from "./IconText.tsx";
import iconTextCode from "./IconText.extract.tsx?code";

<TwoCols first={<ShikiContent html={iconTextCode} />} second={<IconText />} />

```ts
// util.ts
export const mountainIconFactory = () => {
  const svgNamespace = "http://www.w3.org/2000/svg";
  const svg = document.createElementNS(svgNamespace, "svg");

  svg.setAttribute("xmlns", svgNamespace);
  svg.setAttribute("viewBox", "0 0 640 512");
  svg.setAttribute("fill", "currentColor");

  const path = document.createElementNS(svgNamespace, "path");
  path.setAttribute(
    "d",
    "M560 160A80 80 0 1 0 560 0a80 80 0 1 0 0 160zM55.9 512H381.1h75H578.9c33.8 0 61.1-27.4 61.1-61.1c0-11.2-3.1-22.2-8.9-31.8l-132-216.3C495 196.1 487.8 192 480 192s-15 4.1-19.1 10.7l-48.2 79L286.8 81c-6.6-10.6-18.3-17-30.8-17s-24.1 6.4-30.8 17L8.6 426.4C3 435.3 0 445.6 0 456.1C0 487 25 512 55.9 512z",
  );

  // Ajouter l'élément path à l'élément SVG
  svg.appendChild(path);

  return svg;
};
```

## Reference

<div className="grid grid-cols-1 lg:grid-cols-2 gap-4 my-4">
<div className="row-span-2">
```ts
type RMarkerProps =
  {
    longitude: number;
    latitude: number;
  } &



  /**
   * Reactive marker options.
   * they have the same name as in MarkerOptions
   */
  GradientMarkerReactiveOptions &




  /**
   * Listenners for marker events
   * prefixed with "on" + first letter uppercase
   */
  GradientMarkerCallbacks;

```
</div>

```ts
type GradientMarkerReactiveOptions = {
  className?: string;
  clickTolerance?: number;
  color?: string;
  draggable?: boolean;
  icon?: string | HTMLElement | SVGSVGElement | (() => HTMLElement | SVGSVGElement);
  interactive?: boolean;
  opacity?: string;
  opacityWhenCovered?: string;
  pitchAlignment?: Alignment;
  rotation?: number;
  rotationAlignment?: Alignment;
  scale?: number;
  shape?: "pin" | "circle";
  text?: string;
};
```

```ts
type GradientMarkerCallbacks = {
  onDragStart?: (e: Event<Marker>) => void;
  onDrag?: (e: Event<Marker>) => void;
  onDragEnd?: (e: Event<Marker>) => void;

  // native DOM event
  onClick?: (e: MouseEvent) => void;
}

```
</div>


For compatibility some options from `MarkerOptions` are not
available : `element`, `anchor`, `offset`.
